Mention admin panel extension through plugins is impossible (#967)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/development/plugins-extension.md

```bash
/extensions
  /some-plugin-to-extend
    strapi-server.js
    /content-types
      /some-content-type-to-extend
        model.json
      /another-content-type-to-extend
        model.json
  /another-plugin-to-extend
    strapi-server.js
```

:::

Plugins can be extended in 2 ways:

- [extending the plugin's content-types](#extending-a-plugin-s-content-types)
- [extending the plugin's interface](#extending-a-plugin-s-interface) (e.g. to add controllers, services, policies, middlewares and more)

> ::: note

Reviewer: forking or using patch-package. patch-package is generally the recommended method.

> Currently it's not possible to extend the admin panel part of a plugin. Consider forking a plugin if admin panel customizations are required.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently it's not possible to extend the admin panel part of a plugin. Consider using [patch-package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/patch-package) if admin panel customizations are required.
```
